[Music]
you ready
line it up here he goes back now you say
go
all right squeeze in you can't do this
every morning it's way too corny it's
just till he's 18.
smile
i got it pittsburgh police this is a
restaurant you're under arrest
she's innocent it doesn't matter what we
believe laura is not getting out
i think he'll ever kiss me again
my wife attempted suicide i have to see
two minutes please
i don't think i can last another 20
years
i promise you this will not be your life
what do you want to know how you escaped
when no one else could
no prison in the world is that tight you
have to have the entire plan already in
place
you have to ask yourself can you kill a
guard
leave your kid at a gas station because
to do this thing that's who you have to
become
and if you can't don't start you'll just
get someone
killed
show me where the bullets go
need some passports
you want this too much you're gonna
screw it up
why are you doing this because we have
no other choice
the police can have the center of the
city sealed tight in 15 minutes
within 35 minutes they can have cops at
every toll booth on the interstate
stop that train
what if you can't get out and surround
it because they will shoot you
on site
[Music]
you